Okay.
So the next Gardner method we're going to define is going to be very similar to this getter right here.
But instead of filter jobs by organizations, we're obviously going to have filter jobs by job types
once again copying the implementation we used in the previous section for organizations.
So here in my getters that test that Yes file, I'm just going to collapse this test right here.
We have this whole section for filter jobs by organizations and we have the benefit in that.
We discovered a bug earlier on in the previous section.
Remember that we first needed to check that the user, if the user had no selected organizations because
if that was the case, we wanted to return all the jobs and that would avoid a bug right here when we
were iterating over a selected organization's array that was empty.
So now knowing that we can use that to our benefit by basically copying these exact two tests, except
making them for a brand new getter called filter jobs by job types.
So I'm going to do here is I'm going to copy this entire describe section for my filter jobs by organizations
and I'm going to modify it because our tests and our implementation are going to be very similar.
So right here, I'm going to copy this entire section from lines 18 to 55.
There are things collapsed here.
And then right below my unique job types tests, I'm going to paste this.
All right.
And let me scroll up and we're just going to alter a couple of these text fields right here.
So instead of organizations, obviously, this is going to be job types that's going to be the name
for a new getter here.
Identifies jobs that are associated with the given organizations.
No, we want the given job types.
Here.
We no longer care about the organization once again.
We actually just care about the job type.
So, once again, let me do a job type.
Let me quickly change these two instead of Google here.
We'll have full time here, will have temporary here, will have a job type of part time.
So we have three different job types.
And in my selected job types array right here, we can provide some sample selection.
So let's say the user selects full time and part time.
In that case, we want to filter to only have the first two jobs here and here.
So of course filter jobs are still valid, but instead of calling these filter jobs by organizations
getter, what I want to call is these filter jobs by job types getter which we have not yet defined.
We're going to pass in our state object and we're going to get back an array of filter jobs.
And of course, we want this for the first job right here with a job type of full time.
And we want this job type right here with a job type of part time.
And that's going to verify that we are filtering based on what we have in this array right here.
So very similar test to what we have above.
We're using one slice of the view store state selected job types to filter from this master array of
100 jobs in the real world to just the ones that fit the criteria.
So full time and part time belong in this array.
So I want those two to be my filter jobs that are returned by this eventual getter.
Why is it a getter?
Because we're working with initial data from jobs that is derived data, computed data, calculated
data.
We're just getting a subset of our original jobs array so we can define this in a getter.
We don't want to duplicate the state and have something like a filter.
Jobs.
Slice of view state.
We don't want that.
We use getters for this exact same reason.
So down below, when the user has not selected any job types, it returns all jobs.
So what I can do here is actually copy the state from above.
Down below.
Let's replace the state right here.
Except, of course, when the user has not selected any job types, these selected job types array is
going to be empty.
So right here we're going to invoke a getter called filter jobs by job types passing in state.
And then our filter jobs, of course, is going to be the complete original array of jobs.
So I can simply copy and paste these three objects from above.
There are no filters to apply, so we should get all of our original jobs.
All right, so those are going to be our two tests.
Again, we're just sort of copying and pasting and modifying the previous tests for organizations.
All right.
So when the user is not selecting any job types, it returns all jobs.
And with that, we are good to right our implementation.
So the first thing I'm going to do is go to my constants file.
I want to define the constant that's going to be the name of my eventual getter.
And let's put it right here under job types.
I'm going to call it filtered jobs by job types, very similar to my naming scheme above.
And here we're going to have my filter jobs by job types string.
Make sure to remember that s at the end.
So let's save that.
Let's go back to our getters far right here at the very top.
We can import filter jobs by job types.
That is the newly defined constant, and we can use that as the basis of defining my new getter right
here called filter jobs by job type.
By job types.
Keep in mind, the latter is a method that will always receive the view store state as the first argument.
What do we want to do here?
Something very similar to what we're doing right here.
The first thing we want to do is return all the jobs.
If the user has not selected any job types.
So on my view store state, I will have my selected job types array.
All right.
And if the array has no elements in its length will be zero.
So I'm going to check if the length of that area is zero.
The user has no selected job types, so I want to return every job I have in my array.
So just return state to jobs.
And then later on, we're going to do something very similar to what we do above.
We're going to take our jobs array and we're going to filter it to those jobs that have a job type that
has found within these selected job types array.
So right here, I'm going to return state type jobs.
Filter.
Filter, as a reminder, is an array method that returns a new array.
So whatever array we return, here is what we're going to return as the final return value of the getter,
which is exactly what I have in my test in the right.
We're going to iterate over every single job.
What I want to do here is I want to take my state.
I want to get these selected job types array on my viewers state.
And on that array I have my includes method that's going to verify whether that array has the an element
that I'm looking for.
What element do I want to look for?
I want to take my job object and I want to get its job type property that is going to get me the string
with the job type.
I'm going to check whether that job tied string is found in my selected job type array.
If it is found, I do want to keep the job.
So this function that I passed the filter method, it will return true and I will keep that.
And if it returns false JavaScript will not keep it or exclude it.
And my final return value will be an array that stores just the jobs that match the criteria.
So I'm going to save this let prettier work its magic and we're going to let the test run and hopefully
it should pass because this implementation obviously is very similar to the one above and indeed it
does.
So there we go.
We now have a new getter to filter the jobs by their job types using the values that the user will eventually
populate in the UI, which will make their way to view X.
But of course we have not built any part of the user interface yet.
We haven't built any Vue components, but that's totally fine.
We can follow our protocol from the previous section to kind of build something very similar for job
types.
Okay.
So I think we've basically taken care of just about everything we need.
On the view X side of things, we have a new slice of state, we have a mutation to modify it, we have
a new getters to get the unique job types and the filter jobs.
So the next thing we can start doing in the next lesson is used TDD to start building out the new component
that's going to render those checkboxes.
So I will see in the next lesson.